blog: fix KEP URL in 2022-12-19-devicemanager-ga.md (#38548)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2022-12-19-devicemanager-ga.md/index.md

would allow adding support for newer API versions without explicitly bumping the API.

In addition to that, there are existing proposals in the community to introduce additional

> endpoints [KEP-3162: Add Deallocate and PostStopContainer to Device Manager API](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/3080).

Reviewer: The _issue_ is the KEP
```suggestion
endpoints [KEP-3162: Add Deallocate and PostStopContainer to Device Manager API](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/3162).
```

Author: @sftim right, of course. thanks!
